hey you're watching Jacob why don't you
say my name interrupted me whatever qrs
tuv think about it no sit oh yes no
thinking about it i have to think about
it yeah but up one second TV soap no not
stumped I'm just figuring it out no even
if you get it I'm not gonna be impressed
because you started at cute yesterday I
ended it are archaic to work okay whoa
just got my cousin Lear on ZZ did you
hear me when I said go back to work yeah
it's an online newsletter I didn't ask
what it was sort of like about
disrupting the status quo sort of
keeping the government on its toes and
stuff like that fine what's it called
ooh now you care huh forget it forget it
I'll put a Tartar okay cuz he's raw
dogging the non-reader that bad title so
stupid he only writes it on weekends
that he doesn't have to spend with his
children like god I hate that he has
children only nine okay but they're
mostly grown up now actually seven of
them are the same age how what huh yeah
that's septuplets seven different moms
you idiot they choreographed that seems
less likely you'd be surprised I'm
surprised this one's pretty messed up
actually it's about 300 pages of bomb
schematics and pictures of Lear on
taking a dump on public libraries which
he swears to God is not illegal and then
there's like a personal treatise devoted
to how tipping isn't technically
mandatory that's true
like tipping's not mandatory you don't
have to do it but a lot of waiters and
service persons rely on the incoming wok
I'm never tipping again what about gifts
gifts gifts yeah you know for birthdays
weddings funerals of that nature bring a
gift to a funeral something small
something nice oh right buddy come on
have you been to a funeral yeah I've
been to hundreds look just try to
unlearn whatever you just read about
Iran's easy key my friend how are you
long time caller first time not giving a
shit er you know how last week I crashed
your daughter's onesie yeah her
one-year-old birthday party at the
kiddie gym showed up drunk as a kite and
promised her the best gift money
couldn't buy well guess what Mickey that
ship has docked go outside Mickey and
try to pretend it's not Thanksgiving
because your eyes are about to feast on
the sickest jungle-gym you've ever seen
this one so big it's a goddamn
rainforest gym splinter free and
polished since 93 and Halle stupid robe
you opening the door Mickey yeah
check it out Mickey you're looking at
nothing Mickey because you know what
Mickey gives ain't legal Mickey yes they
are the only thing I have to get you
Mickey is a visit from my friend
Jonathan squat AKA jack shit yeah you
lied to me Mickey you pressured me with
fake social norms making for that I urge
you to attend your local chocolate
factory and go fudge yourself oh god
that was impressive thank you do you
plan that out like the go outside and
pretend it's not Thanksgiving feast your
eyes on as you plan that out is all
scripted Wow learn the alphabet